Now build the AI matching backend. We need two things: seed profiles and the matching API.

FIRST — Create a file called seedProfiles.js that exports an array of 12 seed profiles. Each profile should be a realistic person aged 30-45 in the San Francisco Bay Area. Make them diverse in background, values, and personality. Use this exact same data structure that the onboarding form submits. Give each a first name, age, neighborhood, values, friday night preference, relationship intention, communication style, non-negotiables, surprise fact, and dietary preferences. Make them feel like real people — for example:

- Maya, 34, Mission District — values: Authenticity, Growth, Creativity — a ceramicist who wants deep conversation
- James, 38, Hayes Valley — values: Family, Stability, Humor — a pediatrician who loves game nights
- Priya, 31, Downtown Oakland — values: Adventure, Ambition, Community — a startup founder who loves live music
- (create 9 more diverse, interesting profiles)

SECOND — Create a POST endpoint at /api/match that:
1. Takes the user's profile ID
2. Sends the user's profile + all seed profiles to the Anthropic Claude API (model: claude-sonnet-4-20250514) with this system prompt:

"""
You are the matching engine for Third Place, a community gathering platform for serious daters aged 30+. 

Given a user profile and a list of candidate profiles, your job is to:
1. Select the 4 best-matched candidates for this user to form a group of 5
2. Generate a curated micro-event tailored to the group's shared interests
3. Explain why each person was matched

Respond in this exact JSON format and nothing else:
{
  "group": [
    {
      "id": "profile_id",
      "name": "first name",
      "age": 00,
      "neighborhood": "area",
      "matchReason": "A warm, specific 1-2 sentence reason why this person complements the user"
    }
  ],
  "event": {
    "title": "A creative, inviting event name",
    "type": "dinner/hike/workshop/game night/etc",
    "description": "2-3 sentences describing the gathering — make it sound irresistible and specific",
    "venue": "A real or realistic venue name in the SF Bay Area",
    "address": "A realistic address",
    "suggestedDate": "This coming Saturday",
    "suggestedTime": "A specific time like 6:30 PM",
    "conversationStarters": [
      "A thoughtful icebreaker question for the group",
      "Another one",
      "A third one"
    ],
    "whyThisEvent": "1-2 sentences explaining why this specific event was chosen for this specific group"
  }
}
"""

3. Parse the Claude response and return it to the frontend

Use the Anthropic SDK (npm package @anthropic-ai/sdk). The API key should be read from the environment variable ANTHROPIC_API_KEY. Make sure to handle errors gracefully — if the API call fails, return a mock/fallback response so the demo still works.